Activity 12 creates classes that do not contain public static void main, but are meant to instead be used to create objects. Activity 12 has 3 classes.

BankAccount.java is a class that is meant to create bank accounts. This class has 3 instance variables: the account holder, the balance, and the interest rate. The constructor for this class creates a bank account with a specified name, a specified starting balance, and a specified starting interest rate. There are 5 methods for this class. The deposit(double amount) method adds the specified amount of money to the bank account. The withdraw(double amount) method subtracts the specified amount of money from the bank account. The addInterest() method adds interest to the account. The changeRate(double newInterest) method changes the interest rate. The accessInformation() method displays the current state of the bank account.

Person.java is a class that creates a person. This class has 4 instance variables: name, occupation, address, and salary. The constructor creates a person with a specified name, occupation, address, and salary. The method changeJob(String newJob, double newSalary) method changes the occupation and salary of the person. The changeAddress(String newAddress) method changes the address of the person. The displayInformation() method displays the current state of the person.

TestingClass.java uses public static void main, and creates instances of both the BankAccount class and the Person class. For both classes, an instance of the class is created with specified attributes. The starting state of the object is displayed, then all the methods are tested. The final state of the object is displayed.

The hardest part of activity 12 is coming up with the classes and the attributes for each class because I was given no direction on what classes to create and what variables to use. I was told simply to create classes with a certain number of variables, constructors for each class, and methods to print values and use some or all the variables. I had to come up with each of the ideas, which was difficult for me.
